The venue for the meeting of the Lin family
Regarding the shareholders' meeting scheduled for Chen Shixian
How to wear dead people?
Are you scared? Don't you find it more exciting?
general meeting of shareholders
The applicant opened
Lin's Group's tens of billions of assets
Finally belongs to me
What about me?
It would be great if Miss Lin Mo's house was today
It's a pity that Lin's Group is brilliant
It ended up in the hands of outsiders
So sad.
No one next door
There's nothing we can do.
Lin's Group Today
make friends
Husband of the late Miss Lin Mo Chen Shixian
compare
This is also what the eldest lady hopes to see in the spirit of heaven
I just hope that the Lin family can continue to pass on
We old guys can make up for it too
That being the case
Lin's Group will be changed to Chen's Group from today
I changed my last name as soon as I took office
How did he change it?
Could it be that we have misjudged him for the past three years?
That's not possible.
Then vote
Anyone who dares to object will get out of Lin's
I am Lin's greatest enemy
The forest is really going to disperse, I object